docs: simplifies some of the Runtime State Sharing docs (#516)
nginx/documentation: content/nginxaas-azure/quickstart/runtime-state-sharing.md

- [Rate limiting](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_limit_req_module.html#limit_req_zone)
- [Key‑value store](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_keyval_module.html#keyval_zone)

{{<note>}} Can not add the `sync` parameter with a directive describing shared memory zones to an existing memory zone that was not configured to sync. It also cannot be removed from an existing memory zone configured to sync. To switch, remove the directive before reapplying it with the desired parameters.{{</note>}}

For information on enabling synchronization for rate limiting with NGINXaaS for Azure, please visit the [Rate Limiting]({{< ref "/nginxaas-azure/quickstart/rate-limiting.md" >}}) documentation.

## Configuring runtime state sharing among NGINXaaS for Azure deployment cluster instances

> To enable runtime state sharing, edit the NGINXaaS deployment's NGINX configuration to create a server with the `zone_sync` directive in the top-level `stream` block. The `stream` `server` block containing the `zone_sync` directive should use a local resolver at `127.0.0.1:49153`. It should also provide a `listen` directive with only a port for the TCP server. The chosen port should match the port used with `zone_sync_server` directive. NGINXaaS cluster instances should use `internal.nginxaas.nginx.com` as the domain name. They should resolve using the `resolve` parameter of the `zone_sync_server` directive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable runtime state sharing, edit the NGINXaaS deployment's NGINX configuration to create a server with the `zone_sync` directive in the top-level `stream` block. The `stream` `server` block containing the `zone_sync` directive should use a local resolver at `127.0.0.1:49153`. It should also provide a `listen` directive with only a port for the TCP server. The chosen port should match the port used with `zone_sync_server` directive. NGINXaaS cluster instances should use `internal.nginxaas.nginx.com` as the domain name. They resolve using the `resolve` parameter of the `zone_sync_server` directive.
```

## Set up certificate-based authentication across cluster instances of the NGINXaaS for Azure deployment

> To set up certificate-based authentication across the cluster instances edit the NGINXaaS deployment's NGINX configuration. Enable the `ssl_verify_client` directive and the `zone_sync` directive in the top-level `stream` block. Should additionally provide the `ssl_client_certificate` directive. `zone_sync_ssl_certificate`, `zone_sync_ssl_certificate_key` and `ssl_client_certificate` directives can reference a Key Vault certificate attached to the deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up certificate-based authentication across the cluster instances edit the NGINXaaS deployment's NGINX configuration. Enable the `ssl_verify_client` directive and the `zone_sync` directive in the top-level `stream` block. In addition, provide the `ssl_client_certificate` directive. `zone_sync_ssl_certificate`, `zone_sync_ssl_certificate_key` and `ssl_client_certificate` directives can reference a Key Vault certificate attached to the deployment.
```
